# Terms of Application and Website Use


Use of this application and website (in the following “service”) is provided by Robin Hood Asset Management Cooperative to its members subject to the following Terms and Conditions.

1. Members of Robin Hood Coop own shares of the cooperative. Accounting of these shares is kept, according to applicable law, by the accounting company and/or accountants as chosen by the coop, offline. The tokens in this app are provided only for demonstration and illustration purposes. The tokens do not grant token holders any rights, legal or otherwise, or economic benefits, within the coop. Token holders are not entitled to any utility functionality with respect to the tokens. 
2. The use of the app and the tokens are entirely voluntary, and the responsibility of the user. 
3. The coop is not responsible for the information provided by the user while using the app and the tokens. 
4. Users of the service are responsible for the results of their actions, and are responsible for protecting access to information to the service including, but not limited to, private keys, passwords, and other user information.
5. In connection with your use of the service, you hereby agree that you will not:
    - Provide false, inaccurate, or misleading information
    - Use, or attempt to use, the Services to harass, abuse, or harm, or advocate or incite harassment, abuse or harm of another person or group
    - Partake in any transaction involving the proceeds of illegal activity
    - Violate or assist in the violation of any applicable law, statute, ordinance, or regulation
    - Intentionally try to defraud Robin Hood or its members
    - Take any action that interferes with, intercepts, or expropriates any system, data, or information
    - Transmit or upload any malicious software or program
    - Attempt to gain unauthorized access to other Robin Hood member’s accounts, the Website, or any related networks or
    - Disrupt the service in any manner.
6. In using the service, you may view content provided by third parties, including links to web pages of such parties. We do not control, endorse or adopt any Third-Party Content, and shall have no responsibility for Third-Party Content, including but not limited to material that may be misleading, incomplete, erroneous, offensive, indecent, or otherwise objectionable. Any business dealings or correspondence with such Third-Parties are solely between you and the Third-Parties. Robin Hood is not responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such dealings, and you understand that your use of Third-Party Content and your interactions with Third-Parties is at your own risk.
7. Robin Hood is not liable for any damages that may arise out of or in connection with your use of this Website. This includes, but is not limited to, claims, applications, injuries, delays, direct loss, loss of business or profits, business interruption costs, loss of goodwill or business profits, loss of cryptocurrency or digital assets, damage caused by your computer, computer software, systems and programs, and the data thereon or any other direct or indirect, consequential and incidental damages. In addition, Robin Hood is not liable for any losses incurred, either directly or indirectly through your use of the Website or any of its functions and features (collectively, all of the foregoing items shall be referred to herein as “losses”). Robin Hood is hereby released by you from liability for any and all losses. These limitations of liability apply whether the liability or losses are based on negligence, contract, tort, or any other basis, even if Robin Hood has been advised or should have known of the possibility of such losses.
8. The use of the service shall be for non-commercial purposes, which means you shall not sublicense, rent, lease, sell, trade, gift, bequeath or otherwise transfer any license associated with the service to anyone.
9. Your access and/or use of this website constitutes acceptance of these Terms and Conditions as at the date of your first use of the website.
10. Robin Hood reserves the right to change these Terms and Conditions at any time by posting changes online. Your continued use of the website after changes are posted constitutes your acceptance of these Terms and Conditions as modified. You should therefore review these Terms and Conditions prior to each use of the website.
11. Robin Hood may change, suspend or discontinue any part of this website at any time. Robin Hood may also impose limits on certain features and services or restrict your access to parts or all of the website without notice or liability.
12. You agree to use the website only for lawful purposes, and in a manner, which does not infringe the rights, or restrict, or inhibit the use and enjoyment of the website by any third party.
13. The website and the information, names, images, pictures, trademarks regarding or relating to Robin Hood are provided “as is” without any representation or endorsement made and without warranty of any kind whether express or implied. To the extent permitted by law, Robin Hood disclaims all liability for any loss or damage including, without limitation, indirect, special or consequential loss or damages, or any loss or damages whatsoever arising from the use or in connection with such use or loss of use of the website, whether in contract or in negligence. 
14. Robin Hood does not warrant that the functions and materials contained in the website will be: uninterrupted or error free; that defects will be corrected; that the website, or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or bugs; or represent the full functionality, accuracy and reliability of the materials.
15. All intellectual property in the website and the material or information it contains (including without limitation copyright, designs, database rights and trade marks (registered or unregistered) is and shall remain the property of Robin Hood or its third party licensors.
16. Robin Hood is not responsible for the content of external Internet websites. Following links to any other websites or pages shall be at your own risk and Robin Hood shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damages resulting from the use of such other websites.
17. You are solely responsible for the content of any submission you make to the website. Any communication or material that you transmit to, or post on, any public area of the website including any data, questions, comments, suggestions, or the like, is, and will be treated as, non-confidential and non-proprietary information. Robin Hood reserves the right to remove, edit, modify, publish, transmit or display any such communication or material from the Website at its own discretion. You waive any rights you may have in having the material altered or changed in a manner not agreeable to you.
18. If there is any conflict between these Terms and Conditions and rules and/or specific terms of use appearing on the website relating to specific material then the latter shall prevail.
19. These Terms and Conditions shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Finland. Any disputes shall be subject, to the extent permitted by law, to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Finland.
20. If these Terms and Conditions are not accepted in full, the use of the service must be terminated immediately.
